---
company: Uniphar | Medical
role: Director, Business Development
status: inbox
date_saved: 2026-04-09
source_url: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/director-business-development-at-uniphar-medical-4396363097?refId=416GwDvWkVIl4IGuhKeQ6w%3D%3D&trackingId=HbY%2FBh%2BssrSyRxcDulZ5PQ%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=0
location: United States
salary: 
---

# Uniphar | Medical — Director, Business Development

## Job Description

Uniphar – Who we are.With a workforce of more than 3500 employees spread across Ireland, United Kingdom, Mainland Europe, MENA, and the USA, Uniphar is a trusted global partner to pharma and MedTech manufacturers, working to improve patient access to medicines around the world. Uniphar provides outsourced and specialized services to its clients, leveraging strong relationships with 200+ of the world’s best-known pharmaco-medical manufacturers across multiple geographies, enabled by our cutting-edge digital technology and our highly expert teams. Uniphar is organized into three key divisions: Supply Chain & Retail, Global Sourcing, and Pharma. This position will support human resources across the US division.
Click here to find out more: About Us - Who we are | UnipharCulture at UnipharUniphar is a combination of many businesses each with their own identity, culture, values, and ways of working. Uniphar lives and breathes four key pillars which unpin and support our culture.We have a people first approach - we do the right thing. We support an entrepreneurial spirit where adaptability, commitment & resilience is embodied in our way of working. We have a Common Purpose that connects our diversified businesses and people.Finally, Trust is at the heart of how we operate.
Everything Uniphar does is enabled by our people, and, as we continue to grow domestically and internationally, we become more diverse. This diversity fuels our business and culture. 
SustainabilitySustainability is at the core of what we do and is deeply embedded in our business strategy. We want to contribute positively to the people and the world around us. Running our business in a sustainable way ensures that Uniphar will continue to prosper in the long-term. We are focused on ensuring that each of the five pillars of our sustainability strategy are a fundamental part of our decision-making process.Role OverviewTo work closely with UNIPHAR DEVELOPMENT’s Managing Director and the senior management team to generate new client opportunities and foster optimal business success for the organization. Utilizes business development “hunting” and lead generation /qualification skills, including relationship management, to drive UNIPHAR DEVELOPMENT and Uniphar new business opportunities, while working with the appropriate assigned Subject Matter Experts (SME’s) to “close” the qualified, funded new prospects necessary to meet our Business Development commitments.Key ResponsibilitiesEffectively communicates UNIPHAR DEVELOPMENT’s value proposition to the market and to potential UNIPHAR DEVELOPMENT Partners and venture capital firms, as well as internally across the organization.Works independently to source new partnerships, assess development needs, identify resource requirements, and coordinate with proposal management and assigned SME’s to close deals.Assists in the development of strategies and plans in support of annual business targets in terms of types of partnerships, therapeutic area focus, revenue contribution and profitability. These strategies include UNIPHAR DEVELOPMENT services and appropriate integration of Uniphar capabilities for optimal business contribution.Liaises with internal staff across all functional areas to ensure top level experience in UNIPHAR DEVELOPMENT Partner interactions throughout the business development phase and ongoing relationship management.Contributes to ongoing assessment/review of the Company’s “go to market” strategy and value proposition as required through analysis of market trends.Maintains up-to-date knowledge of market developments both within partner companies, potential partners and competitors.Meet or exceed revenue and lead generation targets.Maintain accurate records in CRM tools (Salesforce, Microsoft Dynamics, LinkedIn Sales Navigator).QualificationsMinimum: Bachelor’s degree.Extensive (5 or more years) experience in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and/or contract research organization industries.Clear evidence of delivery success, including substantial revenue and shareholder value growth.Strong entrepreneurial mindset with the ability to multi-task, manage competing priorities and adapt to change associated with a dynamic, growing business.Work related expertise in both development and business/commercialization of pharmaceutical products and services.Understanding of the drug development process in both pharma and biotechnology companies, including knowledge of the drug regulatory process.High degree of familiarity with a large number of companies and executives in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry.Strong people leadership, communication and presentation skills.Organizational RelationshipsReports directly to Uniphar’s President of US Pharma Services, or whomever the Company designates in the future.Frequent interaction with internal and external staff and other UNIPHAR DEVELOPMENT Senior Management.Frequent interactions with internal and external groups as a corporate representative. Physical RequirementsPosition requires substantial use of telephone and face-to-face interactions. Position also requires extensive computer usage involving repetitive motions with fingers. Willingness to travel up to 10 - 20%, depending on assigned responsibilities.
Equal Opportunity EmployerUniphar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under applicable laws.In addition to complying with federal EEO requirements, Uniphar follows all applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment across all locations. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leave, compensation, and training.
The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position.
