---
company: Jobs at UHS
role: Regional Director of Business Development
status: inbox
date_saved: 2026-04-10
source_url: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/regional-director-of-business-development-at-jobs-at-uhs-4397626444?refId=DtIKAdWZYOyR5mk874XBzw%3D%3D&trackingId=1RFS%2Bf40KZld%2FGfTMuMwuA%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=0
location: United States
salary: 
---

# Jobs at UHS — Regional Director of Business Development

## Job Description

Business Development Marketing (a UHS company) Our mission is to be the leader in evidence-based, integrated treatment for co-occurring mental health and substance use disorders through clinical services, education, and research. Our vision is to be the best at delivering effective, lasting treatment and to provide superb experiences across our continuum of care in all places.
Position Summary: The Regional Director of Business Development oversees the provision of Sales, Marketing, and Customer Service activities within the Business Development Department of several Substance Use Disorder (SUD) facilities. The Regional Director of Business Development is responsible for achieving the desired utilization of the organization’s continuum of care through the effective application of marketing principles and methods.
The Regional Director of Business Development is actively involved in discussions related to a wide variety of regional issues including, but not limited to, strategic planning, potential growth opportunities, future projects, changing in programing/protocols, recruitment, and retention.
The Regional Director of Business Development is responsible for the oversight of strategic marketing plans, enhancing the region’s brand/image, management of all sales and business development activities and maintaining an active and productive working relationship with regional facilities, communicates issues or potential problems proactively, especially with supervisory leadership.
Hours are based on departmental, and facility needs and may include day, evening, and weekend hours, as directed by supervisory leadership. This position is 100% remote.
Essential Job Duties/Responsibilities:
Strategically analyzes and designates target markets for staff and territory/account assignments, considering the strengths and weaknesses of each employee. Ensures that expertise and personal styles of team members are insightfully matched to prospective referral sources. Provides short- and long-term market forecasts and reports by directing market research collection, analysis, and interpretation of market data. Regularly analyzes results of referral development calls, evaluates, and prioritizes referral targets and, modifies strategies as needed.
Monitors the performance of each team member against departmental goals. Assists in developing individual sales plans, territory management and routing schedules. Accompanies each team member on a minimum of a quarterly basis, or more often as needs arise, to assess selling techniques, document outcomes, provide constructive feedback, retrain, and redirect, as needed.
Develops, implements, and monitors the Quarterly Strategic Plans and updates periodically to evaluate goals to plan. Prepares regional marketing department monthly operating report, inclusive of all required components; utilizes report to monitor success of efforts and to develop and implement corrective action plans, when necessary. Consistently submits accurate, comprehensive reports to required individuals in a timely manner.
Holds regularly scheduled, agenda-driven sales meetings that are responsive in content to team member’s needs; invites other appropriate staff to serve as resources. Assists in making calls, including probing for information, and procuring commitment from prospective referral sources to use facility’s services. Facilitates ongoing in-service education and training in the areas of Sales Excellence, messaging, account management, service recovery, customer service, computer systems, time management and business development strategy.
Develops and maintains comprehensive knowledge of each of the facility’s programs and services, including Inpatient, Residential and Outpatient programs, the assessment process and transportation services. Develops and maintains a comprehensive knowledge of each of the facility’s admission criteria and exclusionary criteria as it applies to inpatient, residential and outpatient programs. Regularly attends in-services and program development meetings held by the clinical staff to remain informed of current program issues and programmatic changes or updates. Develops and coordinates hospitals publicity programs. Volunteers to make public presentations or carry out similar functions in support of hospitals goals. Becomes actively involved in strategically focused community and professional organizations on behalf of the facilities.
Benefit Highlights: 
Challenging and rewarding work environmentCompetitive Compensation & Generous Paid Time OffExcellent Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug Plans401(K) with company match and discounted stock planSoFi Student Loan Refinancing ProgramCareer development opportunities within UHS and its 300+ Subsidiaries!
Job Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree Required, Master's preferred.5-8 years of related work experience required. 8-10 years of related work experience preferred.Knowledge of application of marketing principles including product, placement, pricing and promotions.Understanding of psychiatric and chemical dependency treatment and, age-specific programming.Strong leadership abilities.Knowledge of insurance plans, target markets and referral sources.Excellent written and oral communication.Strategic planning and results driven.Demonstrated sophisticated or advanced understanding of factors affecting sales results and effectively incorporates these into strategic plans.Demonstrated exceptional creativity and resourcefulness in developing messaging, news releases, print and collateral material
Required Travel:85-90% Local/Regional
About Universal Health Services
One of the nation’s largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services, Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. During the year, UHS was again recognized as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune; and listed in Forbes ranking of America’s Largest Public Companies. Operating acute care hospitals, behavioral health facilities, outpatient facilities and ambulatory care access points, an insurance offering, a physician network and various related services located all over the U.S. States, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and the United Kingdom. www.uhs.com
