---
company: Transdev
role: General Manager
status: inbox
date_saved: 2026-04-06
source_url: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/general-manager-at-transdev-4386991341?refId=Aea%2B5X36oGokLrKi60MsQA%3D%3D&trackingId=t5UGDpc%2FgyGmG%2Flp53DIKw%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=0
location: San Francisco, CA
salary: 
---

# Transdev — General Manager

## Job Description

General ManagerThe General Manager will proactively manage overall operations, including the delivery of safe and reliable service, employee oversight, management of contract assets, risk management, client and customer satisfaction, and financial performance. This position is based in Oakland, CA.
Transdev is proud to offer:Competitive compensation package of minimum $165,000 – maximum $180,000 Benefits include:Vacation: minimum of two (2) weeksSick days: 5 daysHolidays: 12 days; 8 standard and 4 floatingOther standard benefits: 401(k) retirement plan, medical, dental and vision, life insurance, short-term disability, and voluntary long-term disability.Benefits may vary depending on the location policy. The above represents the standard Corporate Policy. Key Responsibilities: Continuously builds relationships with employees, the client, union partners, and the local community.The location/client contract sets the commercial and operational strategic direction for the business unit team.Leads the management team and employee workforce to achieve corporate/property safety goals, service performance, and financial objectives.Identifies, suggests, and develops business growth opportunities.Optimizes the return on assets deployed within the business to include vehicle scheduling, maintenance, and performance management.Identifies and analyzes KPIs to maintain positive results.Ensures services are provided within budget and action plans are developed and implemented to improve operational efficiency.Determines and delivers the business unit budget.Ensures compliance with state and federal regulations and compliance with Transdev corporate safety standards.Oversee all staff management and assign development training in liaison with the corporate team as appropriate.Ensures effective environmental compliance and sustainability management.Provides complete and accurate data collection, compilation, analysis, and reportingOther duties as required.Qualifications:Completion of a four (4) year college degree in a relevant field is desirable, although a combination of relevant experience and education will be considered.Experience in Business Administration, Logistics, Transportation, or related fiel,d or equivalent business experience preferred.At least 5 years of experience managing a fixed route or paratransit bus operation of similar size and scope.Knowledge of relevant federal and state employment laws.Thorough knowledge of transit system regulations and operations.Ability to build solid and maintain strong working relationships with clients.Ability to manage cost control and financial budget.Working knowledge and proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite.Understanding technology, apps, Wi-Fi, and understanding of transportation technology.Strong written and oral communication skills; excellent presentation skills; ability to influence people at all levels of the organization.Ability to organize and perform work efficiently, with strong attention to detail.Ability to navigate Labor Relations issues and work effectively with union partners, including labor grievances and negotiations.Subject to DOT drug testing and physical if applicable. DOT Regulation 49 CFR Part 40 does not authorize the use of Schedule I drugs, including cannabis, for any reason.
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to work shifts or flexible work schedules as needed.The employee is generally subjected to long periods spent sitting, typing, or looking at a computer screen.Work environment will be a combination of both indoors and outdoors.Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Transdev complies with federal and state disability laws and makes reasonable accommodations for applicants and candidates with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please contact us.HR.TalentAcquisition@transdev.com
Drug-free workplace:Transdev maintains a drug-free workplace. Applicants must:Be eligible to work in the United States without requiring sponsorship now or in the future (if based in the U.S.).Successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen.
About Transdev: Cities, counties, airports, companies, and universities across the U.S. contract with Transdev to operate their transportation systems, maintain their vehicle and fleets, and deliver on mobility solutions. Transdev U.S. employs a team of 32,000 across 400 locations while maintaining more than 17,000 vehicles.
Part of a global company, Transdev is a leader in mobility with operations in 19 countries, proudly operated by 110,000 team members from around the world. As an operator and global integrator of mobility, we are driven by our purpose. Transdev – the mobility company – empowers the freedom to move everyday thanks to safe, reliable, and innovative solutions that serve the common good. Find out more at www.TransdevNA.com or watch an overview video at https://youtu.be/ilO5cv0G4mQ
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions upon request.
Transdev is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion or other legally protected status.The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions upon request. California applicants: Please click here for the CA Employee Privacy Policy.
